Jeongmin Lee
/githubjeongminl | /linkedinjeongmin | /envel⌢pe{firstname}l@kaist.ac.kr
Summary
I am interested in computer architecture and systems , with a specific focus on hardware-software
codesign and accelerator architecture for machine learning applications to improve performance and
efficiency.
Experiences
Undergraduate Researcher, ARC Lab, Seoul National University Jun 2026 - Present
– Developed a lifetime-informed KV cache routing mechanism to reduce flash wear on High Bandwidth
Flash when used in heterogeneous memory systems, extending flash lifetime by up to 3x in Agentic AI
serving scenarios.
– Implemented an Agentic AI serving simulator and various KV cache routing mechanisms used for
evaluation.
Undergraduate Researcher, Litz Lab, UC Santa Cruz Jan 2026 - Jun 2026
– Implemented a module in SystemVerilog to measure bandwidth, latency etc. of a novel STTRAM
module installed on a BittWare FPGA.
– Implemented STTRAM exposure to user space through PCIe via MMIO and DMA.
– Investigated potential vulnerabilities and other characteristics of the STTRAM module, presenting
findings in the annual CRSS Industrial Advisory Board Meeting.
Undergraduate Researcher, VIA Group, KAIST Jul 2025 - Dec 2025
– Implemented a cycle-level simulator in C++ for a sparse CNN accelerator, simulating its speedups
against a naive computation approach.
– Implemented a runtime memory manager in C++ and CUDA to decrease total memory requirement
of DNNs by appropriately offloading data from GPU memory to CPU memory.
Undergraduate Researcher, RIRO Lab, KAIST Feb 2025 - Jul 2025
– Developed a long-term horizon planning and replanning robotics module with 50+% replanning success
rate when faced with action execution disruptions.
– Implemented multiple robotic planning and replanning baselines, including CAPE, ISRLLM, Inner-
Monologue, ProgPrompt, Text2Reaction, DoReMi, and Zero-Shot Planner, for deployment in the
AI2THOR simulator.
Analyst, Defense Security Agency Jul 2023 - Jan 2025
– Developed and implemented SIGINT algorithms.
Publications
Kim, Yeseung, Gyungjin Eo, Jisang Park, Jeongmin Lee, Jun Park, and Daehyung Park (2026). “Fore-
Sight: Reactive Long-Horizon Task Execution with Autoregressive Planning and Monitoring”. In Sub-
mission.
Yang, Jaehoon, Jeongmin Lee , Haneul Park, Seung Yul Lee, Nam Sung Kim, and Jae W. Lee (2026).
“Lachesis: Lifetime-Aware KV Cache Placement for Agent Serving across HBM and High-Bandwidth
Flash”. In Submission.Education
2021 - present Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology Daejeon, South Korea
B.S in Computer Science
GPA: 4.17/4.3 (Current)
Relevant Coursework:
Systems Programming, Computer Organization, Operating Systems, Introduction to Ar-
tificial Intelligence, Machine Learning Basics and Applications.
2026 University of California, Santa Cruz California, USA
Exchange Programme
GPA: 4.0/4.0
Relevant Coursework:
Logic Design, Parallel and Concurrent Programming, Compiler Design, Embedded Sys-
tem Design.
2015 - 2020 Anglo-Chinese School (Independent) Singapore
International Baccalaureate Score: 45/45
A wards and Scholarships
2026 IPESK Next-Generation Engineer South Korea
Awarded to top students in nationwide research universities.
2025 National Science & Technology Scholarship South Korea
Awarded to top engineering and science students nationwide.
2025 Department Honors Scholarship (Valedictorian) KAIST
Awarded to the top student in each department per semester.
2025 Dean’s List, School of Computing KAIST
Awarded to the top 3% of students in the School of Computing per semester.
2020 Outstanding Award, International Mathematical Modelling Challenge World
Highest award in the challenge, given to the top 2 teams out of the 54 participating teams worldwide.
2018 Korean Association in Singapore Scholarship Singapore
Awarded to top Korean students in Singapore.
2018 First Place & POSB Award, i.code Singapore
National Infocomm Competition
Skills
Programming Languages Python, C/C++, Rust, Verilog/SystemVerilog, Scala, Java.
Machine Learning Frameworks PyTorch, TensorFlow.
Design Tools Vivado.
Languages Native: English, Korean. Limited: Spanish, Chinese.
Last updated: September 23, 2026